Use global registration after renaming Smart Proxy Server (#3033)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_renaming-smart-proxy.adoc

Ensure that you enter the full path to the `.tar` file.
. If you have created a custom certificate for your {SmartProxyServer}, deploy the certificate to your {SmartProxyServer} by entering the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returned in a previous step.
For more information, see {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-{smart-proxy-context}-server_{smart-proxy-context}[Deploying a Custom SSL Certificate to {SmartProxyServer}] in _{InstallingSmartProxyDocTitle}_.

> . Reregister all hosts that are registered to your {SmartProxyServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Re-register all hosts that are registered to your {SmartProxyServer}.
```

Author: Applied.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see that your peer reviewer requested the change. 

@Lennonka I will share the link with you privately.

> +

Reviewer 2: You might want to remove this line break for the sake of consistency. See other steps in same procedure.

Author: Applied.

ifndef::orcharhino[]
For more information, see {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-{smart-proxy-context}-server_{smart-proxy-context}[Deploying a Custom SSL Certificate to {SmartProxyServer}] in _{InstallingSmartProxyDocTitle}_.
endif::[]

> . Re-register all hosts that are registered to your {SmartProxyServer}.

Reviewer 2: Very small nit-pick. Our downstream guidelines say this about hyphenated prefixes: 

"In most cases, do not use a hyphen to connect a prefix or suffix to a word. There are cases where a hyphen between a prefix and root word adds clarity. For more information, see ..."

We do not yet have a Vale rule to flag "pre-", "post-", "re-", etc. I think this might be a good rule to add. :-)

Reviewer 2: Correction: We do have a Vale rule. It does not include "re-register", so I created a [PR](https://github.com/redhat-documentation/vale-at-red-hat/pull/852) to fix this.

Author: Applied.
